1. Snowpiercer takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where attempts to halt global warming
2. have backfired, causing an ice age. The only surviving humans inhabit a socially segregated
3. train that circumnavigates the Earth. Children are taught to worship the train's creator,
4. Wilford, in a cult of personality. In the theory {not the movie, Wilford is actually
5. Charlie Bucket, who inherited Willy Wonka's factory, then assumed his name and became an
6. inventor in his own right.
7.
8. Intentionally or not, there are clear parallels in characters, themes, and plot between
9. Snowpiercer and Dahl's story. The biggest plot similarities include Wilford having a
10. supposed adversary who's actually his spy, and then asking the protagonist to be his
11. successor. In this theory, Wonka and Wilford are both inherited roles, much like The
12. Dread Pirate Roberts in The Princess Bride. By this logic, it actually makes sense that
13. Charlie takes the name Willy (Wilford} Wonka, then just Wilford. The continuity makes them
14. seem more formidable and larger than life.
15.
16. Fan theories like this are farfetched but fun. They're not canonical at all but basically
17. fan fictions that let us reinterpret old favorites. Some parts are much more plausible than
18. others. The biggest reach is interpreting Snowpiercer as a direct sequel to Dahl's story.
19. Still, I enjoy this theory because it exposes Charlie's potential to become a sadistic or
20. hypocritical adult, which is subtly present in Dahl's book.
21.
22. Charlie Bucket turning evil is actually one of the least surprising parts of the fan theory.
23. This interpretation exaggerates an aspect of Charlie's personality that is subtle but present
24. in the original book and its two movie adaptations. Initially, Charlie seems sweet, mature, and
25. selfless. He sacrifices what little he has for his family and appreciates everything. He
26. behaves much better than all the other children. A common interpretation is that Charlie deserves
27. the factory because he's the only "good" child.
28.
29. However, it always disturbed me that Charlie accepts the factory at all. He saw the other children
30. tortured in front of him. He doesn't have to be visibly traumatized, but accepting the factory
31. from Wonka makes him unbothered or even complicit. At the end of Tim Burton's 2005 movie—as in
32. the book—we see that the other children are still alive. I can't say they're unharmed, because
33. Violet is violet and Mike's body is stretched out. They'll all probably be traumatized for life.
34. The 1971 movie, while considered more family-friendly, doesn't even show us whether the other
35. kids survived.
36.
37. Although Charlie initially seems like a "good kid," he's content to keep his head down and behave
38. correctly while other kids get punished. People have written entire articles explaining how Charlie's
39. Grandpa Joe is an awful role model. He and Charlie feel entitled to Wonka's prize as the only people
40. who never broke the rules. But they did! They drank Wonka's soda that made them levitate, then had
41. to drink the antidote to come down. Grandpa Joe is already teaching Charlie to be hypocritical and
42. self-righteous.Charlie Bucket turning evil is actually one of the least surprising parts of the
43. fan theory. This interpretation exaggerates an aspect of Charlie's personality that is subtle
44. but present in the original book and its two movie adaptations. Initially, Charlie seems sweet,
45. mature, and selfless. He sacrifices what little he has for his family and appreciates everything.
46. He behaves much better than all the other children. A common interpretation is that Charlie
47. deserves the factory because he's the only "good" child.
48.
49. However, it always disturbed me that Charlie accepts the factory at all. He saw the other children
50. tortured in front of him. He doesn't have to be visibly traumatized, but accepting the factory from
51. Wonka makes him unbothered or even complicit. At the end of Tim Burton's 2005 movie—as in the
52. book—we see that the other children are still alive. I can't say they're unharmed, because Violet
53. is violet and Mike's body is stretched out. They'll all probably be traumatized for life. The 1971
54. movie, while considered more family-friendly, doesn't even show us whether the other kids survived.
55.
56. Although Charlie initially seems like a "good kid," he's content to keep his head down and behave
57. correctly while other kids get punished. People have written entire articles explaining how Charlie's
58. Grandpa Joe is an awful role model. He and Charlie feel entitled to Wonka's prize as the only people
59. who never broke the rules. But they did! They drank Wonka's soda that made them levitate, then had to
60. drink the antidote to come down. Grandpa Joe is already teaching Charlie to be hypocritical and
61. self-righteous.
62.
63. If you like the fan theory, it's possible to imagine Charlie changing from a sweet kid to a ruthless
64. cult leader as an adult. This could happen if he has terrible role models, like Grandpa Joe and
65. Wonka. His experiences could lead to voyeurism, egoism, sadism, and a sense of moral superiority as
66. an adult. He could grow up to be a cult leader in a post-apocalyptic world, especially after he was
67. given power over the factory so young. In my opinion, Charlie isn't the only kid who isn't "rotten."
68. In a way, he's actually the worst.
69.
70. If you like the fan theory, it's possible to imagine Charlie changing from a sweet kid to a
71. ruthless cult leader as an adult. This could happen if he has terrible role models, like
72. Grandpa Joe and Wonka. His experiences could lead to voyeurism, egoism, sadism, and a sense
73. of moral superiority as an adult. He could grow up to be a cult leader in a post-apocalyptic
74. world, especially after he was given power over the factory so young. In my opinion, Charlie
75. isn't the only kid who isn't "rotten." In a way, he's actually the worst.


eluw{eei_jyluduwqjylusetui}
10610{
flag